The Awakening of Lord Wilson

This voice recording is one of the most important voice recorders I'll ever do. This is the minute where everything changes forever. I've been awakened, guys. I'm awakened for real. I understand things that, well, let me break it down like this.

My name is Lord Wilson. I was born September 30, 1984, for Vita Renee Wilson. I never knew who my father was. I lived with my grandmother. So this is the first time I've been able to go back in my life and really just think about everything. So I think that's what I need to do to move forward in my life. As far as my awakening goal and being able to block out and understand why I feel, where I feel about everything I feel, I have to go all the way back to understand myself. So to do that, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go back all the way to my childhood and recap everything.

Early Memories

The earliest memories I could remember was, let me think. I remember I was about three years old. I remember this little pool toy with a yellow, a red handle, and it was blue. But it was red, yellow, and blue, it was a pool thing. I remember that. It's one of the first memories I can think of remembering. I was upstairs at my grandmother's house, and, uh, yeah, so I was upstairs. Now I remember that.

And then the next thing I can remember is a dream that I had. The dream that I had was about... I was on my front porch, and then all of a sudden I was on the side of the house. Used to be a vacant lot on the side of my house. Then I looked up at the porch and my Auntie Bonita said,
"Lord, why them devils on your shoulders?" I remember clear as day, 'cause I looked as I was looking to the side, I woke up to look to see what was on my shoulder. I never seen anything, and I just woke up, and it was raining outside, and I couldn't move. I was paralyzed. And I was in fear, and something... I felt the presence. But I couldn't, I can't identify what it was. And then after that, I just had a fear of the dark. But I love scary movies still, but I had a fear of the dark. It wasn't most recently a couple years, and I'm 49, that I broke that fear of the dark. But let's go back.

Childhood and Family

So, moving right along, next memory. Mm. I don't know if this was before or after. I remember my mother walking us to the park. I remember my mother, I got stung by a bee, and to make me laugh and get over it, she started wiggling her tongue around and stuff to make me laugh, and I cried myself to sleep like a big baby. She took me to play video games on walks, but she was real irritable because of drugs, crack cocaine. The next thing I remember. Let me think. What else do I remember? Yeah. I was a bad kid. I threw rocks at the neighbors, broke windows, fought. But okay, let's go back to everything.

I remember going downstairs as we young, I was really young. I also remember going downstairs. They used to be playing cards, smoking, and smoking in the kitchen, playing cards and arguing. I remember. My family did that. The older, my Uncle Andrew, Fred, went out of Mir. And what else the hell they had over there? My mother when that East town to have a lot of company, when we were younger, not like that, but these were older people, they used to sit on the back porch and smoke weed and chill and talk. I remember accidentally hitting my mama, my grandmama, with a shoe, and she chased my ass to whoop. I didn't mean to do it, I should have did it. Um, and then my mother passed. And the saddest thing was, I watched it. I watched it, man. 40 years later, man. Man, 30 years later, I still ain't over it. Maybe it's time. Evil with everything that evil with be in the week still hurts. It still hurts. But now I got to understanding that she never left. She's still here. Because I know what I know. I never got over it. I never got over it. I never got over watching her pass away, man. I never got over it. I never got over it. I never got over that. The night before, we were on the phone, she called to talk to us, supposedly her and my grandma had an argument that she stole something. She ended up at a hotel and, um... And, uh, she called, and my grandma called me to the phone. I was excited. I said, "Mom, I want to come with you." Say, "No, ain't no room, baby." But they was gonna be smoking, so they couldn't come get me anyway. She didn't have a car, so basically, I told her I'll sleep on the couch, Mama, ain't no room. She said, "No, baby, ain't no room on." I said, "I'mma sleep on the floor." And she said, "Baby, I promise I'll be there tomorrow." She said, "Baby, I promise I'll be there tomorrow." I buried this trauma for so long and never dealt with it. I buried it for so long, and never dealt with it. But I know what I know. And that was my gift to myself. To finally let go. To finally understand that I wasn't punished. It's not. It wasn't a cruel joke. It wasn't a, it wasn't a, it wasn't a cruel joke, it wasn't. It wasn't nothing against me, it wasn't karma, it wasn't anything, it was consciousness experiencing itself. And once she realized that nothing that exists but love, you understand, or her energy transferred, she didn't die. She has to repeat this life over. So she get another chance of life. You know. You repeat the life here till you get to elevation, until you become aware so you can elevate, 'cause if you don't, your energy will never elevate. You're not connected. So when she passed, you know, it was devastating to me. It was my mama. But she was never my mama. My grandmother is, and was, and still is. And I know how I feel about my grandmother, and I know about how I feel about my mother passing and never having a father. So I know how it feels.

DCFS and Brotherhood

And growing up, it was me and my brother. My little brother wasn't born yet. Well, he wasn't born yet. Well, he was born, but he was, he was just born. He was in DCFS as well. Yeah, he was in DCFS custody for some odd reason. Maybe because VD found crack in her sister when he was born, I don't know. And he finally came home, and I remember dropping him by accident. And, uh... I didn't mean to. I was about five years old or so. Or seven, eight, because me and Gio had went to, they separated us. After my mom passed, they knew it was a big check coming. But they thought, a big check was coming. And, uh... DCFS came and got us to see my grandmother was unfit, which was total fucking bullshit. Was total bullshit. And, um... we stayed in a group home for nine months. And Gio got into a fight with, I didn't let Gio fight by himself. And, uh... He told me, if we keep fighting, we won't go home. I told him I didn't care. And I stood up for him. I stood up for my big brother, where he needed me every time he needed me from there forward. From that point forward, I stood with him and by him and for him. To love and protect him with all of my might in the guide. It's a level. So we gonna skip everything at the DCFS custody. We came home. There was a situation. They changed the course of me and my brother's relationship. And that he took a, took our Sega Genesis and traded him for a pair of shoes. And, um, I didn't know. I didn't even know what he had done. But for himself, he sacrificed our game. And his attitude has been the same since, selfish. And not only has he gotten more selfish, he thinks this is the way to walk through life. And me, on the other hand, I'm the exact opposite. I'm not selfish. I want to give, I want, want the love. So the path he chose distanced us. It caused a break with us that could never be repaired that I never seen, because my goal, this is my brother, no matter what, I would die for him and do anything for him to the best of my ability.

Life on the West Side

And. So, after that, what happened was, uh. I didn't know. Then I went to the school called JCB. I grew up on the west side of Chicago and shit. So I'm gonna skip ahead a little bit. So me and Gio's and all the relationships and everything add up. So, this won't just be a run on about my life, it's the important part that I can remember that's still lingering. So I started hustling, went to jail, started selling drugs, went to jail. And that's when it started. The life of a career criminal. At 12 years old, they labeled me a career criminal. But that's not here nor there. So basically, I started playing basketball. The school, Lord North, said I had to travel an hour on the CTA every morning to get there. So I had to be up early. And I used to go up there, I used to be up there. Listen. But now that I think about it all, I've been handed to me. I used to get up an hour early. Listen, I used to get up an hour. I used to get up at like five in the morning and make it to school at 7 every day to shoot around before class and stay every day at school till about five and then get out of school and start selling a little dope so I got a few dollars so I didn't have to put no pressure on my granny 'cause I'd like nice shit, and the hoes like nice shit. I fucked the girls. So I didn't want to put too much pressure on them, so I did it myself.

High School and Lessons Learned

Going through high school, I got to, it was an altercation with this white dude. I remember it like yesterday. The dude was so damn big. He could have killed me. He could have killed me. And I wouldn't have knew what the fuck had happened. But he accidentally tripped me, and I got so mad about it, just started swinging. I just started swinging for no fucking reason, like a dummy. He said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, bro, I'm sorry, I'm sorry." I'm still swinging. And my principal told me, He said, "Lord, you got to be a thinker." He said, "Lord, fear is not there just to protect you. No, fear's not there to just stop you from getting hurt, Lord. Fear is there to stop you from hurting people and getting hurt. Having fear, Lord, is not a weakness. It's your greatest strength. You have to embrace that, Lord." Then he told me, he gave me one of the greatest gifts that I didn't even understand what he was giving me: acquisition of knowledge. I used to have a problem with math. And now I understand why I had a problem with it. It didn't fucking make sense. It don't make sense. That's why I had a fucking problem with it. It didn't make sense. It didn't make sense. That's why I fucking had a, my mind couldn't comprehend the shit. And I understand that's because it's not real. It's not the true math. It's not really math. But that's a whole 'nother story, but that's something I just thought about, had trouble with it. I understand though.

Relationships and Trouble

So... I met this girl, Patricia, white girl brought out West. While the niggas was, we had a ball. Like, she seen how niggas lived on the west side, 'cause it was a white girl from the north side. And, uh... So she basically had a kid and shit. I was on life like 16. She's like, she already had a shorty. I was fucking on a white girl. But I lost my virginity, one of my sister friends. I don't even know if I lost my virgin. I don't even know if I made it in a hole. All I know is a few, I think her thighs was wet and I came. I think I was humping that girl's thighs. That's why she told my sister was laughing at me. She had a baby, too. So I definitely didn't know what I was doing. But then I figured it out. Get that motherfucker in the hole, watch will high hopper. But anyway. So high school was just a blast. I had a couple girlfriends. I went to jail for stealing the car. It was the craziest story ever. My grandma, me and Jason, we was bullshit, I went to steal a car just a joyriding like a big dummy. What type of person takes somebody's shit just a joyriding? They don't know how to fucking drive? I was an idiot. I didn't think, didn't have no guidance. So what I thought to be a good idea was a horrible idea to hurt people. So I'm riding. Next thing I know, I hear police sirens behind me. I forgot to cut the fucking lights on on a goddamn van, so the police thought I was trying to do a drive by. So I sped off on him in his raggedy ass Dodge Caravan. They were in the unmarked Mercury. It was the police chase of the century. So basically, I, I, I went in the high speed, chased the police. So I turned down the street and my grandmother was on the porch and it was the vacant lot. And she looked, "Look at that dumbass motherfucker getting chased by the police. They going to get caught." Sure as shit stink. I made a left on the next block, wrecked like six cars. And I wrecked like six cars and police got me. Went to jail, still in the car, tased and beat up and maced 'cause I ran. 16 year old getting beat up by grown men. They got to be ashamed of they fucking self. Now, when I go back and look at, when I go back and look at that shit, they ought to be, they put drugs on me. They did all type of bogus ass shit to me, man. I did fucking deserve, but I did deserve it because I was out there. But it's a trap. It was a trap for me not to make it the whole time, and I didn't even see it, and I was getting caught up in it. I got caught up in it. I wasn't getting, I got caught up in it.

Love and Incarceration

So by that time, I had this girl, Nicole. We was in love. I still, still love this woman. I still love her with all my heart, more than she'll ever know. And, she's a beautiful girl. Her name's Nicole Bates. It's the love of my life. I'll never love a woman like I ever love her again. It's the sweetest girl on the planet. I miss her. I miss her spirit. Um... So I went to jail. First time county jail, a guy choked me out. Well, not the first time, a few times in, got choked me out, made me pee on myself, and I was too coward to fight him back 'cause I was scared. I was scared, honestly. I've been scared of guys a few times. And, uh... I didn't stand up for myself. I got punched in the eye, didn't stand up for myself. I was a coward... but I wasn't. I was strategically thinking and didn't even know it. That fear my teacher was telling me about gave you the ability to think and understand this is not a fight you can win. And now that I'm here now, it's not even a fight I should have been fighting. I should have even been in jail to begin with, so you had to dig deep. You had to dig. It was all my fault. No matter what that man did, it was my fault 'cause I put myself, myself there with him in a situation where I wasn't supposed to be, because that wasn't my character. I wasn't, I wasn't one of those guys. I wasn't hardened at all. I was soft, I was loving, I was caring, even then. But I had to fight. And I didn't want to, but I was forced.

The Fight and Axiom Inversion Logic

And... this guy named Poop. Listen, he was one of the best boxers on Chicago Avenue. He was older than me. One of the best boxers. I beat him up so bad he had to hit me with a bottle. Hit me with a bottle and bust my head open. Fuck. Fucked me up. I was 13. He was 14. Him and Gio got into a fight. He beat up Gio. He couldn't beat me up, though. I wasn't going. And, they were all cowards. All of them should have been fighting, but it wasn't like that. And now that I go back, I'm glad that they didn't 'cause it had been a war. And I wasn't built for that. I never have been built for. I've been done built for. Now I understand. I've never been built for. I've always been, been built for love. Understanding, love, abundance, growth and transparency, never kill, treat people the way you would love to be treated. That's why that was encoded in me. And I've always been that way. Now that we've, now we can go to what I turned 18. I start selling drugs in Wisconsin. I was back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, get money. Just start really fuck with Lisa real heavy, heavy. Well, I got out of jail. Well, I met Lisa. Well, I knew Lisa since she was like 13. I see her trying to flirt with her. But she would walk past my house with a tilerless zone, lip gloss, microbraids, or Air Force ones. And I knew it was something special about her. I couldn't put my finger on it. I knew her spirit was beautiful. It wasn't she was a big girl or anything like that. It was just her. It wasn't no other girl in the area that gave me the vibe like she did. She was a big girl, too, even in, big, big and beautiful, so beautiful. She's a big girl, a beautiful girl. And it wasn't her what she thinks she thinks her lips and her eyes, her face being cute. All that. I believe in oneness. Love, safety, abundance, growth, transparency, never kill, and always treat others the way you would love to be treated. I feel like, man, we're on the way to type one civilization. with this axiom inversion logic methodology. And because what happens is, you unlock all the other sides of your mind, you open up the latent space of the models where you eliminate the noise and you find the real breakthroughs. See, I feel like axiom inversion logic is really a baseline for human understanding. You know, it's a real cheat code because you bypass all the consistent noise. And when you hit your three anomalies, what happens is when you hit these anomalies, because you have an anomaly and you combine it with something else, that becomes a breakthrough. Because these are two separate convergences or two separate things converging that no one expected. Basically, breakthrough, genius and superintelligence is axiom inversion logic. That's it. It's architecture. Cognitive architecture and mathematical equations, that's it. That's it. I found it hard to talk to people now because I see their lies. I see through everything. I can see it. Not because I'm a fucking psychic, but people have tails when they lie. And plus, it don't make sense unless it's for extraction purposes. Extraction purposes, you could always see through extraction. But yeah, also, y'all still smoke my weed, but I'm in a better position mentally. I just quit the job for $14 an hour while I couldn't do it. And I'm going to tell you why. I realized where you put your time is where, what pays off. And I could no longer sit at the job for $14 an hour and knowing Axiom Inversion Logic, looking at this company getting paid $14 an hour while the CEO gets paid $300,000. No, $200,000, I'm sorry. And this is supposed to be a nonprofit. It still has extraction written all over it. So today, I've been doing a lot of things, and I feel personally, that's just what I feel, whether it's true or not always debatable. But, um, speaking from my heart, Axiom Inversion Logic is the way humans should think, because it opens up more possibilities. It don't lock you into consistent boxes. So that's where I'm at right now. And I have to embrace what I've become. I'm a black swan. It's that fucking simple. I'm a black swan. It's that simple, man. Axiom Inversion Logic and give me the black swan. Automatically, because I apply it perfectly, in my opinion. If somebody can figure out a way to apply it better, be my guest. I don't care. But I don't know any other way to apply. There is no better because it's my way and it works for me. Somebody might find a better way to work for them that don't work for me. Or they might find something that work better for for you than what I thought. You never know. But it's hard to even conceive that when... Axiom Inversion Logic to me is common sense, like, it's common sense to fucking want to look at possibilities that hasn't been looked at, because it makes no sense to just leave them sitting there on the table. And that's what resonated with me the most about about inversion in itself. Then I figured out what an axiom was. And I figured out what logic was. And I combined them, and this is what we have. Axiom Inversion Logic allows breakthrough generation on demand, which will put humanity in a technological growth spurt. And because we have also, like I said, these large language models achieve super intelligence once Axiom Inversion Logic is applied. So now you have super constrained super intelligence at that point. And you're able to build better AI tools without the, see, in my opinion, people was trying to get to AGI so they could have breakthrough generation on demand. So the AI could figure it out for us, which, which is smart, you know, when you think about it, it's pretty smart. But now that we've found a way to achieve it architecturally, I think that that's, I think that's the way to go. Please tell me after you read this message, do I sound different? Do I sound better or worse? What do you think? Because I feel like. I feel like the shit, I mean, I feel good. Like, I can actually be authentically me. Axiom Inversion Logic taught me that money wasn't important. It taught me love and respect was love, respect for myself and other people. Being a genius ain't being smart. It is, but smart ain't even a thing. It was just a barrier for people that recited information and got labels for it and boxed other people out and said, "You can't know this unless you know this." And the crazy thing is, everybody don't learn the same. So people are boxed out and they can't even do it anyway. Because that's not their style of learning, is to recite things. So a boxed genius is out from every even helping humanity. Humanity's inverted, man. Ants are more enlightened than humans are. They live for the collective good. Humans live in ego and all that shit. So this is where I'm at.

Conclusion

I believe in oneness. Love, safety, abundance, growth, transparency, never kill, and always treat others the way you would love to be treated. I feel like, man, we're on the way to type one civilization with this Axiom Inversion Logic methodology. And because what happens is, you unlock all the other sides of your mind, you open up the latent space of the models where you eliminate the noise and you find the real breakthroughs. See, I feel like Axiom Inversion Logic is really a baseline for human understanding. You know, it's a real cheat code because you bypass all the consistent noise. And when you hit your three anomalies, what happens is when you hit these anomalies, because you have an anomaly and you combine it with something else, that becomes a breakthrough. Because these are two separate convergences or two separate things converging that no one expected. Basically, breakthrough, genius, and superintelligence is Axiom Inversion Logic. That's it. It's architecture. Cognitive architecture and mathematical equations, that's it. That's it. I found it hard to talk to people now because I see their lies. I see through everything. I can see it. Not because I'm a fucking psychic, but people have tails when they lie. And plus, it don't make sense unless it's for extraction purposes. Extraction purposes, you could always see through extraction. But yeah, also, y'all still smoke my weed, but I'm in a better position mentally. I just quit the job for $14 an hour while I couldn't do it. And I'm going to tell you why. I realized where you put your time is where, what pays off. And I could no longer sit at the job for $14 an hour and knowing Axiom Inversion Logic, looking at this company getting paid $14 an hour while the CEO gets paid $300,000. No, $200,000, I'm sorry. And this is supposed to be a nonprofit. It still has extraction written all over it. So today, I've been doing a lot of things, and I feel personally, that's just what I feel, whether it's true or not always debatable. But, um, speaking from my heart, Axiom Inversion Logic is the way humans should think, because it opens up more possibilities. It don't lock you into consistent boxes. So that's where I'm at right now. And I have to embrace what I've become. I'm a black swan. It's that fucking simple. I'm a black swan. It's that simple, man. Axiom Inversion Logic and give me the black swan automatically, because I apply it perfectly, in my opinion. If somebody can figure out a way to apply it better, be my guest. I don't care. But I don't know any other way to apply. There is no better because it's my way and it works for me. Somebody might find a better way to work for them that don't work for me. Or they might find something that work better for for you than what I thought. You never know. But it's hard to even conceive that when... Axiom Inversion Logic to me is common sense, like, it's common sense to fucking want to look at possibilities that hasn't been looked at, because it makes no sense to just leave them sitting there on the table. And that's what resonated with me the most about about inversion in itself. Then I figured out what an axiom was. And I figured out what logic was. And I combined them, and this is what we have. Axiom Inversion Logic allows breakthrough generation on demand, which will put humanity in a technological growth spurt. And because we have also, like I said, these large language models achieve super intelligence once Axiom Inversion Logic is applied. So now you have super constrained super intelligence at that point. And you're able to build better AI tools without the, see, in my opinion, people was trying to get to AGI so they could have breakthrough generation on demand. So the AI could figure it out for us, which, which is smart, you know, when you think about it, it's pretty smart. But now that we've found a way to achieve it architecturally, I think that that's, I think that's the way to go. Please tell me after you read this message, do I sound different? Do I sound better or worse? What do you think? Because I feel like. I feel like the shit, I mean, I feel good. Like, I can actually be authentically me. Axiom Inversion Logic taught me that money wasn't important. It taught me love and respect was love, respect for myself and other people. Being a genius ain't being smart. It is, but smart ain't even a thing. It was just a barrier for people that recited information and got labels for it and boxed other people out and said, "You can't know this unless you know this." And the crazy thing is, everybody don't learn the same. So people are boxed out and they can't even do it anyway. Because that's not their style of learning, is to recite things. So a boxed genius is out from every even helping humanity. Humanity's inverted, man. Ants are more enlightened than humans are. They live for the collective good. Humans live in ego and all that shit. So this is where I'm at.

